Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution. It is, strictly speaking, a real factor in scientific research. The important thing is not to stop questioning; curiosity has its own reason for existing. One cannot help but be in awe when contemplating the mysteries of eternity, of life, of the marvelous structure of reality. It is enough if one tries merely to comprehend a little of this mystery each day. Never lose a holy curiosity. I believe in intuitions and inspirations. I sometimes feel that I am right. I do not know that I am. The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education. Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. Any fool can know. The point is to understand. Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. A human being is part of the whole, called by us ‘Universe,’ a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts, and feelings as something separated from the rest—a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty. I fear the day that technology will surpass our human interaction. The world will have a generation of idiots. It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal. The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. Albert Einstein.